[IMP] developer/howtos: Add missing information about debug mode (#2286)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/howtos/rdtraining/03_newapp.rst

Go to Apps, click on Update Apps List, search for ``estate`` and... tadaaa, your module appears!
Did it not appear? Maybe try removing the default 'Apps' filter ;-)

.. warning::

>    Remind to enable :doc:`debug mode </applications/general/developer_mode/activate>` as explained in the previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Remember to enable the :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>` as explained in the previous
```

>    chapter. You won't see the `Update Apps List` button if you don't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chapter. You won't see the :guilabel:`Update Apps List` button otherwise.
```

Go to Apps, click on Update Apps List, search for ``estate`` and... tadaaa, your module appears!
Did it not appear? Maybe try removing the default 'Apps' filter ;-)

.. warning::
   Remind to enable `debug mode

>    <https://www.odoo.com/documentation/user/general/developer_mode/activate.html>`_ as explained in

Reviewer 2: Nope :red_circle:
